[master < T946] Add update of the do module to docs (#946)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/cpp/conditional-execution.md

* `value: Map` ➡ Contains the result record of the executed query. Each `value` corresponds to one result record.

:::caution

> Currently we only support returning records which contain `string`, `integer`, `double` or `boolean` primitives.
> Queries in the `conditionals` or in the `else_query` arguments which get executed and return other types of data, will
> result in an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the module supports only those returning records that contain `string`, `integer`, `double` or `boolean` primitives.
Queries in the `conditionals` or in the `else_query` arguments, which get executed and return other types of data, will
result in an exception.
```

* `value: Map` ➡ Contains the result record of the executed query. Each `value` corresponds to one result record.

:::caution

> Currently we only support returning records which contain `string`, `integer`, `double` or `boolean` primitives.
> Queries in the `conditionals` or in the `else_query` arguments which get executed and return other types of data, will
> result in an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the module supports only those returning records that contain `string`, `integer`, `double` or `boolean` primitives.
Queries in the `conditionals` or in the `else_query` arguments, which get executed and return other types of data, will
result in an exception.
```
